Update nginx IC App from 1.6.9 to 1.6.12 (#308)
giantswarm/releases: release-notes/aws/v9.0.6.md

### Kubernetes [v1.15.12](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.15.md#changelog-since-v11511)
- Updated from v1.15.11.

### nginx-ingress-controller v0.30.0 ([Giant Swarm app v1.6.12](https://github.com/giantswarm/nginx-ingress-controller-app/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md#v1612-2020-06-04))

- Made healthcheck probes configurable.
- Made liveness probe more resilient.

> - Align labels, use `app.kubernetes.io/name` instead of `k8s-app` where possible. `k8s-app` remains to be used for compatibility reasons, as selectors are not modifiable without recreating the Deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Aligned labels using `app.kubernetes.io/name` instead of `k8s-app` where possible. `k8s-app` remains to be used for compatibility reasons as selectors are not modifiable without recreating the Deployment.
```
